all right fan just packing up all the
things this morning cuz we're headed to
Anaheim for VidCon Frick yeah I want to
show you what shirt my friend Erin is
wearing real quick oh hey
stay curious stay curious any-any oh gee
people I think ten people ordered that
shrimper domain off teespring you're one
of ten pad the song what is the song
then the defendant into Devine it's like
oh yes yeah that's uh her name's like
Vanessa or something
alright let's cut oh you're right
until the sky
parking garages guys so pennyboard
heavens blog exporting camera gear check
let's go film
filming of one of the people that is
like the star of the stockroom in an
elevator here okay her name is Elena and
so you know we're shuffling behind the
scenes and just like Tyler hopefully was
chillin just like my feet away from me I
kept a cool guys I kept it cool I think
we got some successful first shot Sara
this is mr. producer and documentary I'm
borrowing his car to drop off my luggage
at the hotel I'm staying at but like HQ
is at the Hilton here and then I'm gonna
hotel clothes so yeah I'm gonna go drop
all the stuff and just read the boosted
back so so we're shooting a documentary
and what gear are we shooting with what
did you rent what are we shooting with
we're shooting with the a7s Martin -
yeah
so he has a 7 s mark - what lens is that
16 to 35 yep no series Sweet Valley good
wide shots there's gonna be rocking the
what 75 to 370 to 200 so I have I have
my 70 to 200 lens I have my size 85 lens
I have my Canon 50 lens so I'm gonna get
like a lot of nice close-up tight shots
and then I'm rocking the monopod so if
you're at VidCon you're probably gonna
see me running around with like a
lightsaber looking camera yeah yeah so
that's like my main rig that'll be
getting all the good crisp that's the no
vlogger Sara Riddick that's a lot of
what I do create a spaces TV with yeah
oh my gosh how much how funny like this
is the new thing guys this is the water
to vlogger set up VidCon 2017 you get
the monopod you get the 70-200 and
they'll be like all opinion oh yeah okay
so I got to pack up all this stuff
headed to my hotel and then I'm gonna be
back for more interviews yeah we're
gonna get Elena cool man
she gets all settled perfect
the only way getting around at VidCon is
not a penny board or on abusive word or
anymore no this is lovely
got a little living area have a party in
here fan party at my place guys
setting up an interview shot let's go on
this is Elena
you're probably gonna see her in the
vlog what is your YouTube channel Elena
miss bender with to our miss fender with
to ours
yeah so it's taking it up its taking it
up to here cool turn it down just a
little bit where it's like yeah
just finished up the first interview
cheer at VidCon for your documentary I
went really well and now we are packing
on up that's kind of like a wrap on day
one cuz things are just beginning people
are just getting here there's already a
lot of people here but I have been told
this is just the tip of the iceberg
because I've never been to VidCon before
but it gets crazy a lot of people a lot
of people make it out and apparently
people scream and chase people and take
off the selfies so I'm super excited for
that but yeah looking forward to it I am
here through Saturday so I am very
excited to see everything that's going
to unfold tomorrow is the huge Samsung
event the 360 video that I made with a
bunch of other cool creators it's going
to be premiered so that's gonna be a fun
blog that is going to be a fun vlog to
look forward to and I'll see you guys
the next one stay PG everybody what's up
guys I am here shooting a creative
spaces TV episode in LA and this is
Gloria hey guys
Gloria tell me a little bit about like
yeah we are at Thousand headquarters
slash my garage